README.md, before:

## Summary

Welcome to the ultimate writing tool tailored for real writers. This writing app is designed to empower writers by providing comprehensive tracking of their books and chapters while offering robust editing capabilities. With a sleek and modern rich text editor, we ensure the best user experience for all writers, enhancing productivity and creativity. Whether you're drafting, editing, or refining your work, our app is your indispensable companion on your writing journey.

## To-Do

✅ Implement drag and drop for reordering the chapters.
✅ Develop the export as PDF functionality for when the user finishes writting the book.
✅ Enhace landing page, adding a video in the hero section and picking better colors.

- Enhace the UI from the editor section.
- Develop customizations for the editor section.
- Generate the required tables and columns to start tracking analitycs about the users writting times.
- Develop email notifications for different actions.
- The app should be able to run locally as a PWA and without internet connection.
- Analyze and try to focus in improving the user experience through all the app, mainly focusing on the books/editor sections.
- Add unit and E2E testing.

Commit message:

tracking user time spent writting, added chart to showing how much time the user wrote, fixed some styles

README.md, after:

## Summary

Welcome to the ultimate writing tool tailored for real writers. This writing app is designed to empower writers by providing comprehensive tracking of their books and chapters while offering robust editing capabilities. With a sleek and modern rich text editor, we ensure the best user experience for all writers, enhancing productivity and creativity. Whether you're drafting, editing, or refining your work, our app is your indispensable companion on your writing journey.

## To-Do

✅ Implement drag and drop for reordering the chapters.
✅ Develop the export as PDF functionality for when the user finishes writting the book.
✅ Enhace landing page, adding a video in the hero section and picking better colors.
✅ Generate the required tables and columns to start tracking analitycs about the users writting times.
✅ Track user time writting and show it in a chart.

- Enhace the UI from the editor section.
- Develop customizations for the editor section.
- Develop email notifications for different actions.
- The app should be able to run locally as a PWA and without internet connection.
- Analyze and try to focus in improving the user experience through all the app, mainly focusing on the books/editor sections.
- Add unit and E2E testing.
